---
layout: post
title: "Hack.lu CTF"
description: ""
category: security
tags: [ctf]
---
{% include JB/setup %}
Here are some write-ups of the few challenges I completed for the [Hack.lu CTF](https://ctf.fluxfingers.net). 

### Nerd Zombie Safehouse

>This zombie apocalypse is a tough thing. Dozens of zombies are following you and looking forward to have a nice snack, when some fat guy appears. You outrun him easily, so eating all of him will keep the zombies busy - for a while. So after you keep running a few blocks, you find a safe house. As you stand there panting, sweating and sighing at their door you notice: "Hey, I probably sound just like a zombie." And this is where the automatic defense system kicks in. A big, laser-zoom explosion-looming automatic spring gun locks in on you. Nice. That's what you get for leaving a fat person behind. All your yelling "Help, help. I'm human and... and I have weapons" (a lie), remains unheard. When finally somebody responds on the intercom: "Oh are you? This safe house is for nerds only! Show us how smart you are and find the missing token." So there you go. 
>
>Try solving the annoying puzzle at https://ctf.fluxfingers.net:2074/ or zombies will eat your soul!

This challenge was fairly straightforward. 

When I went to the site i got "Nothing to see here". Further inspection of the source reveals a javascript snippet that sets the location. 

    history.replaceState(0,0,'?cid=vp3E1nOGh7jwP');

So when I curl the root url I got: 

    location.href = atob('P2NpZD12cDNFbG5PR2g3andQ');

When I dropped that into my javascript console I got:

    ?cid=vp3ElnOGh7jwP 

That cid differed by 1 char from the original. So I curled with the second cid:

    <!-- The secret is 14574e443ef2331439d25dc9da3b617e :D -->

AHA! Theres the flag!

----
### Zombie Talk

>Zombies got communication-problems because of their heterogeneity, so they defined a standard for their communication. We need to know how to decrypt their messages in order to successfully defeat them. Luckily, a friend of mine found one of those encrypted messages:
>
>0x1be15dc <br /> 
>77676058612 <br /> 
>03062372 <br /> 
>676 <br /> 
>0x9542 <br /> 
>0x2546c9ec <br /> 
>02614610 <br /> 
>0x3b3154e5a0a923ff <br /> 
>
>Hint: uppercase seems legit.

I started by first converting all of these to their base 10 numbers:

    29234652
    77676058612
    812282
    676
    38210
    625396204
    727432
    4265283667316253695

I then tried these in binary which gave me nothing. I then tried converting them to strings based on a radix of 36.

    "hello"
    "zombies"
    "here"
    "is"
    "the"
    "flag"
    "welovebrainz"

Success! Of course zombies love brainz.

----
### Mini Zombie Business

>As time passes by and the zombie apocalypse seems to stay for a while businesses have to adapt to survive. Food store chains offer brains and biscuits for their limping customers and fox on Fire seems to be a all-time-zombie-favourite, too. Since a lot of zombies have a broad band connection businesses strive to get online stores back up again. It's just that webdesign seems to be quite hard for zombie employees. They obfuscate all their code (god knows why). Here is an example of a miserable attempt to create a working website.
>
>https://ctf.fluxfingers.net:2076/mini/

When I went to the link, a picture of a zombie was shown. When clicked on it, it prompted me with *Lets eat some ...?*.

Opening up the source I found some nasty javascript obfuscation.

    eval(unescape("%65%76%61%6c%28%75%6e%65%73%63%61%70%65%28%22%25%36%35%25%37%36%25%36%31%25%36%63%25%32%38%25%37%35%25%36%65%25%36%35%25%37%33%25%36%33%25%36%31%25%37%30%25%36%35%25%32%38%25%32%32%25%32%35%25%33%36%25%33%35%25%32%35...

Using firefox's javascript deobfustactor tool I found:

    function dafuq() {
        if (prompt("Lets eat some ...?") == "tasty brainz") {
            alert("Flag: tasty_humans_all_day_erry_day");
       }
    }

The flag here was "tasty brainz". Woo!



